## fix-list

belows are things want to be fixed.
after fixed, you showed check the checkbox.

## UI fix

* [ ] purple thin text is hard to see. so, if text is purple, make it all bold.
* [ ] gray thin text is hard to see. so, if text is gray, make it all bold.
* [ ] at cursed terminal, if user want to focus to command line input area for inputting some text, user must move cursor to just on the area. it is troublesome. if user clicked the inside of cursed terminal, make it focused on the input area.
* [ ] at virtual keyboard, there is some characters that included in morse dict, but no virtual keys. show all characters to virtual keyboard
* [ ] at virtual keyboard, now it is on right upper corner, but it is too small, and there is some space on bottom left corner, where is below of cursed terminal. fix the place to bottom left, and fix sizes(keyboard, keys, edges or anythings) to be the best. (of course, morse code input area must be right upper)
* [ ] at leaderboard, make categories of leaderboard like browser tab. the category is ending type. all, ~~~, ~~~, ~~~. place all ending type. and for additional categories, add (all (sort with just time, no filters or anything), ) unlocked characters(first sort with unlocked chars, second sort with time), secrets (first sort with found secrets, second sort with time).
* [ ] at leaderboard, at stats display, now the secret number is just a number, but i want to see the denominator. like, if there is 5 secrets if completed, and found 3, display "3/5"
* [ ] show "leaderboard" button at the home page (before start game) place the button to the best place.

## Bug fix

* [ ] when reload top page or game page, a little bit time of showing raw html. that is not styled by css. the leaderboard page is ok. fix it.
* [ ] the symbols are not locked. it seems like locked, locked in virtual keyboard, but we can type any symbols to cursed terminal. for example, at any time, we can type double quote, or any symbols.

## Audio fix

* [ ] now ambience bgm is only using heartbeat. i want make it the morse code of "oss", because oss commands shows many morse code hints, it is useful, but i think most player don't type "oss". so, sounds like this. scream 3times, little bit blank, heartbeat 3times, little bit blank, heartbeat 3times, somehow big blank(to notice the end of the sentence.)